README.md: Iterate on UX, pkg/cli: add colors, improve help text (#97)
kagent-dev/kmcp: devel/quickstart/README.md

# Quickstart

`kmcp` is designed for:

- **AI/ML Engineers**: Building custom tools and integrations for AI agents with rapid iteration and testing
- **Platform Teams**: Managing multiple MCP servers across development, staging, and production environments
- **DevOps Engineers**: Deploying and scaling MCP infrastructure using familiar Kubernetes patterns
- **Enterprise Organizations**: Standardizing MCP server development and deployment across teams
- **Startups**: Quickly prototyping and deploying AI-powered features without infrastructure overhead

> Due to the varitaion of personas that benefit from kmcp, we define quickstart journeys. Please choose thoe ones that are most relevant to you, and [feel free to add more](/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the variety of personas that benefit from kmcp, we define quickstart journeys. Please choose the ones that are most relevant to you, and [feel free to add more](/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
```
